compiled regarding the last
best and most amazing sighting
of this for example happens to a
australia what is the feature this
video that in broad daylight
the object is so bright that it looks
hairs and signs please look at this was
on June 15, enough of the year 2012
australia as I said tremendously
bright but look or supposedly
that was identified as a single
object with a cluster of lights this is
not to doubt when the object is is
lean towards the camera and we can see the
lateral edge
we can understand let's say those lights
they are like the bottom part of the
impression of this national repulsion
put your palms uncertain as I
like with the part I needed
landing is crazy because the lights do not
are absolutely what one could
say is to balance your composition not
they're completely let's say it's for a
same distance
and when you put it on your side you see that a
not only great and magnanimous object but
that in addition to light comparisons to plans
of the day to win light competition
solar means that it has to be
tremendously bright and finally it
see that it is a lenticular object
which is the classic dish the time of
day do they really think in the
concern that what is going to happen or
whatever it is that we have left
determinedly point through
you are manipulated but read an email
comes and will tell us about these
people who had supposedly seen
a fuselage of fairly soon arrives
from khatib and says hello there is a zoom with
this photo that was taken in window the
2010 really do not know what
it will be but it is not good she is
mentally in the photo he put a
little circle and an arrow saying this its
name what is enclosed in the
circle and once again what you have to
understand is that thanks to the effect to the
sunlight they created a curtain almost
white back so that the object
could stand out on the landscape of
sunset
obviously the lake
is a point that is seen there let's say not
reach to see details given let's say the
pixilation of the camera in question without
However one can once again calculate
distances distances and seems to be a
immensely large object what when
we say great convert part a micro
with clear teto that brings more realism
the fact that it is as good as it did
this the fact that it has so much light of
Sun from behind causes a blur
on the edge what makes it very difficult
tricking at that specific point because
true pixelization would be very notorious
the pixels would be mounted for him
would be true the radio around the
sunlight
today good moments ago I say here
a message from Isabel that she tells me
that she lives in elqui valley and that
It is known that there paihuano sector
a rumor many years ago good for
all for anyone unknown that the
bayern the kit for a lot of people have a
mystical energy very special in the
sector of paihuano a person would have
kept in his house a kind as of
elongated fuselage of what could be
an unidentified flying object
we sit here salfate knows well that
history also of that landing that
it was quickly shut up that we had
even history of testimony from
people who saw this spaceship
and it's the fuselage
we should try if we can
please send to our mail more
information so you can make a
photography to share it with our
there could be two conventional or this
case is tremendously documented and I
I found out because he approached what was
he knows as a privileged witness that he is
a high-ranking carabinier and he tells me
that I do not mention me please but I
participate in that operation
obviously they told me with the truth or
be that what you have is the concept that
he asks me but our
recommendation is that the parrot dies
keep quiet where was the one who told him
they took in large trucks in part and
obviously, nothing has happened here
everything afterwards when putting together other
people that already happens here fell off
this object and they lived like a people
girls already or that you the same
but directly here let's say I'm
I say a static globero with everything
and thank you very much for the help here a
zone kiss house did not comment it with the
abwehr and when we talk about fuselage
have to share the ship because
when we talk about a kilometer of ship
I do not think a truck can hold a
kilometer and of course change to
fall to the ground and jump